# Neonair Games repository

I've stopped caring about keeping the Neonair Games website up, running, and
hosting my games. The reasons were I suppose three-fold: I didn't have the
time to regularly update it or make new games for it anymore; the host I had
used to be cheap, but then their prices crept upwards; the host had problems
with serving some of the Angular and WebGL assets I had on the website.

Since my games and the Neonair Games website are no longer available there,
I've decided to preserve my old games for posterity here on GitHub so that they
won't merely remain on my harddrive forever and succumb to bit-rot. This
repository contains many of my old games (at least the ones I still have
around) with both their Games Factory or Multimedia Fusion source files and
their runnable exes (32-bit PE executables). It even includes some games which
I never actually finished and released.

If you have Clickteam Fusion, you'll be able to open the games' `.cca`, `.mfa`,
and `.gam` files, which are effectively their source code. Have fun poking
around with them. If you enjoyed my games way in the past when I posted them
on The Daily Click, you might also enjoy some of the extra, hidden, or unused
stuff I have in those files for some of my games. You may even edit the source
and create your own derivatives of these games, following the MIT license
provided with this repository.

Be advised that practically all of the `.midi` music I used in my games was
from various free Internet sources like `vgmusic.com`, and I don't have the
rights to any of those. They were used under fair-use since these games were
all distributed for free and I'm not good at making my own music. If you plan
to adapt any of these games into commercial works, you'll need to replace the
midis used with ones you have commercial rights for.

In the credits of most of these old games, I used to go by the pen-name
"Snerlin". I no longer go by that pen-name. It is dead to me. I apologize for
any cringiness you experience from playing or examining the source code of
these old games. I'm sorry. XD
